CONTRIBUTING.md: remove excess verbiage (#12616)
dlang/dmd: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Reporting bugs

We exclusively use [bugzilla](https://issues.dlang.org/) for issue tracking, which is why Github issues are disabled on this repository.

> For reporting bugs, please [check bugzilla](https://issues.dlang.org/query.cgi) to see if it's already reported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before reporting bugs, please [check bugzilla](https://issues.dlang.org/query.cgi) to see if it's already reported.
```

Author: Already fixed.

If it isn't, [create a new issue](https://issues.dlang.org/enter_bug.cgi).

For questions about a specific behavior, the [D.Learn](http://forum.dlang.org/group/learn) group is a good place to ask for clarification before reporting an issue.

### Content

When creating a new issue, include:

> - the version of DMD being used (which can be found by running `dmd` with no argument).

Reviewer 2: recommend `--version`?

Author: Simpler is better, and the version gets printed out if you just type dmd.

Reviewer 2: fair enough.

## Solving bugs / Submitting pull requests

> Before submitting a PR, checks to make the pulling process run smoothly are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before submitting a PR, check the following to make the pulling process run smoothly are:
```

Reviewer 3: "Follow these steps" also works as an active language instruction.
